# About the project

Markowitz is the father of modern portfolio theory. Markowitz formulated the portfolio problem as a choice of the mean and variance of a portfolio of assets. He proved the fundamental theorem of mean variance portfolio theory, namely holding constant variance, maximize expected return, and holding constant expected return minimize variance. These two principles led to the formulation of an efficient frontier from which the investor could choose his or her preferred portfolio, depending on individual risk return preferences. The important message of the theory was that assets could not be selected only on characteristics that were unique to the security. Rather, an investor had to consider how each security co-moved with all other securities. Furthermore, taking these co-movements into account resulted in an ability to construct a portfolio that had the same expected return and less risk than a portfolio constructed by ignoring the interactions between securities. (Elton & Gruber, 1997b)
One of the important contributions of the fourth industrial revolution is the introduction of robo advisors as alternates to conventional mutual funds. Robo advisors are mechanized platforms that use automated algorithms to provide financial advice to investors. (Tao et al., 2021b) 
This study concentrated on building a Robo Advisor based on Modern Portfolio Theory – Mean Variance Theory by Markowitz to see the return diversification when an investor with different risk profiles and preferences uses the built Robo Advisor for different groups of stocks based in different types of markets such as technology, health, consumer, finance and Portuguese. 

